Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
OUTPATIENT DEPARTMENT
Honey.
I'm here now. Everything's okay.
Take your medicine honey.
If only…
I could help stop your nightmares.
The nightmares are getting worse.
Honey.
Why don't you… take a day off tomorrow?
I can't do that. honey.
Tomorrow is an important day.
I know.
But the most important thing right now
is your health.
I'm alright. Don't worry honey.
Then you should try to get some rest.
Test the projector in the conference room.
Honey. I put extra sugar in there
for you today.
Yes. I'm here.
Also prepare some tea and cookies. okay?
Oh really?
Alright. thank you.
I already took Peppy
for a walk this morning.
Did you decide on
what to wear tonight yet?
Tonight?
It's my company party.
But if you're tired…
It's ok if you don't go.
No it's not. It's my husband's party.
I'm off to work.
No need to be scared.
It's just me. not a ghost.
OUTPATIENT DEPARTMENT
Phuong Anh.
The meds I gave you had no effect at all?
I've tried everything.
But a lot of times…
The nightmares… are so real.
Sounds scary.
If I was you. I wouldn't sleep at all.
If only… a dreamy man
would chase me everyday.
Phuong Anh! Vy!
What is it?
- You two haven't heard the news?
- What news?
Gosh!
- The operation is in an hour.
- We know.
Yeah. stop being cranky.
"He" is here to observe us again.
Is it "him"?
Who else but the Director of the Hospital?
Oh. I'm dead meat.
I get the shakes every time I see him.
He's just a man. not a ghost.
Why are you so scared?
Excuse me.
20 blade
Vy. 20 blade.
Hemorrhage!
Suction!
Phuong Anh!
What's up?
Tell me the truth. is something wrong?
You're acting very strange.
No. nothing's wrong.
Look! Listen to me.
I'm not a professional.
but I've researched cases of sleepwalking
and nightmares like yours.
The thing is. meds don't really help much
in these cases.
But more than 70% of these cases
can be treated with cognitive therapy.
Phuong Anh.
Thanks for today.
If it weren't for you. I'd be a goner.
It was nothing.
Phuong Anh. I'd also like to
thank you very much.
I'll go back to my room first. Bye.
Bye.
Here she is.
I'd like to introduce you
to Doctor Phuong Anh.
Head of the children's ward
of our hospital.
It's a pleasure to meet you. sir.
You're so accomplished
at a very young age.
How can she not be?
She's Doctor Huynh Minh Tuong's daughter.
She is the youngest surgeon we have here.
How old are you?
- I'm...
- Old enough. Talented enough.
Dedicated enough for us to
believe that she can handle this project.
You can rest assured.
- Thank you.
- Well then…
I'll leave you two alone.
The center has
a total of 300 hospital beds.
25 specialists. and 60 nurses.
We're expected to meet the…
Sir. if I'm speaking too fast
for you to follow.
please let me know.
No. it's not that.
Your presentation is excellent.
You can… come sit by me.
So that it is easier to talk.
But I still have a lot to cover...
Listen to me. Come over here.
Relax.
Sorry. sir. perhaps I was too rushed.
- I was going too fast. wasn't I?
- No.
Your presentation was very clear.
I feel that…
This children's center project is stellar.
I'll support it 100%. Don't you worry.
I'm so glad to hear you say that.
Thank you so much!
I can see that you're really passionate
about this project.
Very. I believe this it is an important
project for the community.
but it still lacks funding.
That's why for this project.
- I'd like us to...
- Hold on. That's enough.
I have a suggestion.
Let's find some place… Say. at my place.
And what ever you've got planned.
I'll listen.
How does that sound?
What do you mean. sir?
What I mean is…
It's so stuffy in here.
We should go some place more spacious.
And besides… this project
is worth a billion dong.
I need to feel confident
that I'm handing it to someone…
Who understands me the most.
What happened. Phuong Anh?
Why does Mr. Tri want you fired?
You need to tell me. so I can help you.
Will the children's center be alright?
Luckily.
But… He wants you to see a psychiatrist.
But I don't have any mental problems.
He's doing this to punish you.
You don't need to see any doctor.
This problem with Mr. Tri…
Just let me handle it.
This matter aside.
if you need anything else.
then just let me know. Phuong Anh.
Just relax and go back to your work.
Sir.
Actually…
I think I should see a psychiatrist.
Mr. Trong. what can I do for you?
You can't hide for the rest of your life.
I'm sorry. I didn't know that
you've been trying to contact me.
You'd like that!
I still have my life.
You want to take that too? Huh!
Trong. please calm down. Just calm down.
Today is my daughter's birthday.
She would've started first grade
this year!
Do you have kids?
I'm sorry.
I tried my best to save Mai.
I only had one daughter.
And she died under your care.
I won't let you off that easy!
Do you think it was Trong?
That was so long ago.
How can he still hold
a grudge against you?
His only child died on my operating table.
Even though it wasn't my fault.
he still can't forgive me.
You did all you could.
Life and death are fated.
Let's get going.
The man of the hour can't be late.
Let's toast to the man of the hour. and
toast to the billion-dong deal he closed!
Thank you!
Please come. Congratulations!
Thank you! Thanks. everyone!
Let's all toast to him!
Here's to you!
Let's give a big round of applause
for Dr. Huynh Phuong Anh.
Sir. are you okay?
That young woman is My Linh.
She's only been at the company two months.
but she's already the top seller
for those two months.
Impressive.
With a body like that.
you can ask for anything.
But… Honestly speaking.
My Linh stands no hope compared to you!
Yeah. and you are hopeless!
Did you have to be so direct?
If you had accepted my proposal.
then you would never have
these nightmare problems.
I should get going now.
What… What road are you taking?
What are you doing?
I can't tell what's real
and what's a dream anymore.
Truth is… I shouldn't have let you
go home alone.
You're just getting home now?
We went to a bar.
My boss got too drunk.
I had to take him home.
Tomorrow… I'll drive you to work.
I won't take no for an answer.
EMERGENCY DEPARTMENT
I can't even remember
how I got into the house.
It's like reality and nightmares…
are blended together.
It sounds incredibly confusing.
This is such a coincidence.
I should tell you about this story.
The other night. after a birthday party
I tried to get a taxi. just like you did.
When I got into the car. the driver
turned to me with a freezing cold stare.
He asked me one question.
"Where are you going?"
So I told him to drive me home.
But he didn't seem happy with my answer.
So he asked me another question.
"Where do you live?"
You're crazy!
You're so lame.
Can't you see Phuong Anh
is going through something?
I was sharing a real story
that happened to me.
Honey. I think that's Mr. Trong.
I have to teach him a lesson!
- Please. don't!
- Hold this for me. Let me handle it.
Get out.
What do you want?
I'm so sorry. I got the wrong person.
What the hell are you doing?
- You got the wrong person?
- Yes.
- You like grabbing people's shirts?
- Please.
I can mess with you too. You like that?
No. I don't.
You wanna come at me?
You'd better watch your back.
Just tell me what you're thinking!
I have nothing to say. No thoughts at all.
Truth is. there's nothing to discuss.
From Mr. Trong to the car. you think
that I'm making it all up. don't you?
Why would I do that?
So you will buy me a new car?
You say you don't think so.
but your attitude says differently.
Now that you have told
me about the nightmares.
PSYCHIATRIST. QUANG DUNG
Let's talk about why you think
Mr. Trong wanted to attack you?
Her name was Mai.
She was transferred here
in terrible condition.
I…
I tried everything I could.
Even now. I can't get over it.
When a patient doesn't make it.
that pain will always stay with you.
I've talked a lot today.
Thank you.
I'LL GO THERE FIRST.
I'LL WAIT FOR YOU IN FRONT OF THE THEATER.
I got you!
I got you good. right?
You should have seen your face!
Oh. hey now!
Hey
Should we call a tow truck?
I can fix it. Let me.
Mr. Trong.
Yeah. this looks serious.
Why is he driving a different car?
It's all good now.
- Thanks. Golden Hands.
- No problem.
Oh my dear Khoa.
LET ME KNOW WHEN THE CAR IS FIXED!
- Miss. are you alright?
- Are you alright?
A guy in that alley attacked me!
Calm down. Stay here.
There's nothing here!
I'M AT THE FRONT ENTRANCE
UNKNOWN CALLER
Hello?
Sorry about that.
Let's go. honey. Sorry.
There's a guy following me.
He's also trying to recreate
my nightmares.
About the attacker without a face…
I've been researching other cases.
It's a reflection of fears. of trauma.
a secret that the patient
dares not talk about.
Their subconscious tries to stop them.
By making them forget.
or they will manifest images
to help them feel more at ease.
Miss Phuong Anh.
is there a fear that you need to confront?
I don't really know.
Phuong Anh. Someone sent
these flowers for you.
Thank you.
"Meet me at Zumwhere at noon."
Are you here yet?
I've been waiting for you a long time.
Oh. did we have a date?
How come I don't recall anything?
Well. you sent flowers
and asked me to lunch.
What flowers?
I've been in a meeting all day.
Phuong Anh.
Phuong Anh?
Where are you? Hello?
Hello? Phuong Anh!
Please say something! Hello?
UNKNOWN CALLER
The flowers you like
are really hard to find.
Why are you doing this? What do you want?
You know it.
Babe!
- Have you been waiting long?
- I just got here.
Is anyone in there?
Why did you attack me? Who are you?
Me? I didn't attack you!
I'm just a server here.
Server?! The person who left the toilet
was wearing black shoes like yours!
Black shoes?
They're part of our uniform.
Everyone wears them!
There's no doubt.
Someone is doing this
on purpose to hurt me.
Who would do this to you? And why?
Honey.
Lately. we haven't been spending
enough time together.
Ever since I got a promotion.
I've been buried in projects.
If I've done anything wrong.
then tell me directlly.
- What are you driving at?
- You know it.
From the nightmares to
the threatening phone calls.
and then the restaurant incident…
You think I did all this myself.
that I made it all up?
I'm really trying to understand everything
you've been telling me.
Can we… go back to the way things were?
Remember when we used to
invite our friends over for dinner?
Phuong Anh!
I just got your text.
What's going on this weekend?
Come over for dinner. You. me and Minh.
Three of us. as usual.
But what's the occasion?
No occasion.
We haven't gotten together for so long.
Also. why do we need
a reason to share a meal?
Okay.
Ah. when you come over. there's going to
be a surprise gift for you.
A surprise?
Wow!
Tonight's dish looks delicious!
Do you want a knuckle sandwich?
Why so fierce? I'll eat what you offer.
Is that Vy? Come on in!
Your gift is a surprise!
Phuong Anh.
you are truly an ideal housewife!
You're so talented.
making all these dishes.
Look at this beef! So tender and tasty!
By the way. how's your sleep lately?
Are you still having nightmares?
Let's change the subject.
But I want to know what's going on.
Phuong Anh said
a creepy psycho is stalking her.
Wow. Creepy!
Hey. this sounds interesting.
Do you know who he is?
Why didn't you tell me?
It's just like in her nightmares.
- Really?
- That's enough.
No it's not. We need to
get to the bottom of this!
She thinks it's the same person.
Happy now?
Huh?
So what you're saying is…
Phuong Anh is….
Why aren't you saying anything?
You think so too. don't you?
Phuong Anh. Minh didn't say anything.
Not only him. but everyone here
thinks I have mental problems. right?
Tonight was so fun.
Who knows when we
can have a night like this again.
You think they'd invite you back?
Hey. hey. hey. This is Minh's fault.
He's treating her so badly.
All this mess is his doing.
What're you saying?
Minh loves her so much.
It's because you don't know.
Let me tell you something…
Phuong Anh's family is loaded.
She inherited a huge fortune
from her father.
Did you know that?
Are jealous of their happiness?
There's nothing to be jealous of.
There. Your car is here.
Why don't you cancel yours
and we can share this ride?
- Want some of this?
- Why you gotta be like that?
Peppy.
Peppy!
Peppy?
Minh!
Peppy…
Peppy?
Hey Peppy.
Peppy!
Phuong Anh.
- Did I wake you?
- It's okay.
You should go back to sleep.
You have a business trip tomorrow.
How about I cancel it tomorrow?
I can't leave you home alone like this.
I'm okay.
No need to worry about me.
It's only for one night.
Vy. Do you have plans this weekend?
My guy Thien just called.
He already made plans for us.
This weekend. we're going to Vung Tau.
I'm so excited!
In that case. you two have fun.
What's wrong? Did something happen?
I wanted to ask you to come hang out
while Minh's away.
Then why don't you go to Vung Tau with us?
Down there. we're going to party hard!
Just text me where and when to meet.
Don't be wishy-washy!
I'm not that unreasonable.
Don't wanna be a third wheel.
I respect your privacy.
Coming through! Outta the way.
If you get burned. then it's on you!
Wait. wait. wait a second.
Milk tea. 50% ice. 30% sugar. No topping.
Thank you sweet gentleman.
Hey. are you free this weekend?
Come cheer our sister up!
No thanks. I'm swamped! Swamped!
You two… Weirdos.
Exhausting.
That's my Thien calling.
"That's my Thien calling."
Gross.
Phuong Anh.
If you ever need anything… Just call me.
24/7. Anytime. Okay?
Don't be shy.
Oh?
Why did you just say
you were swamped with work?
Well… the work I'm swamped with… is you.
Nonsense. I told you. I'm alright.
You don't have to act tough
in front of me.
I know that lately
you've had to deal with a lot.
I just want to be by your side.
As a friend.
JUST BOARDED.
CALL ME IF YOU NEED ANYTHING!
REMEMBER TO TAKE YOUR MEDS.
MORNING. NOON. AFTERNOON. EVENING
I WILL. GO CLOSE TONS OF DEALS. HONEY.
Have a good weekend. I'm heading home.
Ah. Phuong Anh.
I almost missed the chance to give you
the invite for our end-of-the-year party.
Here. To my most excellent doctor.
UNKNOWN CALLER
Hello?
Phuong Anh.
Who is this?
You know…
Who are you?
Who? Me?
You didn't save my number?
I'm so bummed.
Open the door for me Phuong Anh.
I'm the guy you almost married…
But you treat me like this?
Thai? What are you babbling about?
I know what you're thinking right now.
Truth is you love me too. right?
You love me. so why pretend
to set me up with other girls?
If you want something. the two of us...
I love you!
Is that you Thai?
I told you to go home!
Thai?
You've gone too far!
Go home!
Thai. I'm telling you one last time.
If you keep doing this.
I'll call security.
Hello miss. I'm calling
from the credit bureau.
Would you like to take out a loan?
I'm calling security!
I'm coming in. Better get ready.
Come here! I dare you!
I've checked the fuse box.
You just blew a fuse.
You two. Come inside and see this.
Hurry!
I've analyzed the scene.
There are at least 4 to 5 burglars!
It was me.
I threw the dishes at the attacker.
You two follow me in here.
There's nothing wrong here.
He broke into this room.
But the door is locked.
And there's no sign of forced entry.
Who could come in?
But I know he chased me around here.
I even fell and bruised my knee.
- Such a coward!
- If you're so brave then open the door!
We have to. We're the security.
Fine. Whoever ever it is.
we'll take him down!
Yep!
Phuong Anh...
You… Why you…
So so sorry. I didn't mean to.
When you're done eating.
you can crash on the sofa.
You should try to get some sleep. too.
I'm probably going to stay up all night.
I can't possibly sleep now.
Did you just wake up?
Are you feeling better?
Oh…This just happened this morning.
It's just a small wound. It's nothing.
You should go home.
How can I do that? You're home alone.
Forget it. I'll leave tomorrow morning.
Minh just called…
He told me that
he's already on the way home.
Thank you.
You can go home.
Really?
Here Peppy.
Peppy!
Here Peppy!
Phuong Anh!
Hey Phuong Anh!
What happened?
MISSING DOG
Peppy is lost?
Since when. honey?
Since this morning.
I've searched the whole neighborhood
but I can't find him anywhere.
Honey. I know for sure someone took Peppy.
Honey… It's probably not that.
He's probably somewhere around here.
Our neighborhood is very safe.
You weren't home. How would you know?
I've been calling you since last night
and you haven't picked up.
My phone ran out of battery.
Phuong Anh!
My Dad gave Peppy to me.
He was the weakest of the litter.
Dad told me…
that I had to take care of him.
For the past ten years…
he has been my only friend.
Can you talk a bit more about your father?
You've been avoiding this subject
for a long time.
He was the one who
started the Children's Center project.
He put all his time
and energy into that project.
He didn't have time…
not even to spend with me.
At the time it was happening…
I felt… I was very furious.
And now?
In your heart…
How do you feel about him?
I miss him so much.
Every time I think of him.
I feel very… conflicted.
Because I know that
he suffered from depression.
Phuong Anh! Hey.
About last night…
Before you left.
did you see Peppy anywhere?
He's still at your house.
Why. what's up?
Hey…
Hey!
What's wrong with you?
Honey… Why are you sitting out here?
What happened?
Peppy was killed.
Peppy's dead.
Sir… Do you have any updates?
We're very sorry.
Peppy's safe and sound!
Peppy…
I feel unsure about everything now.
Doctor Dung.
Do you think…
everything is because of me?
Am I crazy?
I've gone crazy. right?
Phuong Anh.
Is there anything…
You haven't told me?
Phuong Anh.
There's still something else
that happened to you. right?
It must have been something very painful.
That's why your subconscious intentionally
erased it.
Or maybe you blamed yourself
for whatever happened.
It's okay…
We still have many chances.
Even though you have cast
that memory aside.
it's still there.
You must try to remember.
Missing dog.
If you are still afraid
to confront your past pain.
regardless how many therapy sessions
you have. they won't work.
Your nightmares will continue
to haunt you…
even when you are awake.
Why are you sitting here?
Who were you talking to?
It was just a business call.
Those new contracts I just signed.
Who exactly was it?
It was Thai. who else?
Give me the phone.
Phuong Anh. You're overstepping.
Where do you think I went?
Phuong Anh!
THAI. KIEU. TRUNG. THIEN AN. MAI
Do whatever you want. I'm done talking.
You set up everything. didn't you?
Set up what?
The night you pretended to be
on a work trip.
It was you who attacked me.
You're the only one with a house key.
And then the night at the movies.
It's always
"my phone ran out of batteries"
or "I left my phone at the office".
Can't you come up with a better excuse?
You're imagining things.
- Imagining things?
- Exactly.
I have proof!
That other poor dog was killed.
I saw its corpse in the fridge
with my own eyes.
Today I went to the dogowner's house
to confirm the story.
I can't believe
you would do something so barbaric.
You came up with the perfect plan.
You made everyone think
your wife was hallucinating!
Phuong Anh!
What the hell are you talking about?
Why would I do any of this?
So that everyone will think
that I'm going mental.
And what would I gain from doing that?
Money.
From my father's fortune.
Or for your girlfriend.
What do you want me to do now?
Do you want me to kneel down
and beg for forgiveness?
You're right.
I am a terrible husband.
But since you became
the director of the new center.
all you care about is work!
When we found out you were pregnant.
do you know how happy I was?
I thought it was a chance…
for us to start over.
But then the miscarriage happened.
And that ended everything.
Do you know what I thought?
You never wanted that baby.
Thai!
I'm sorry. I was so drunk the other night.
Please forgive me.
Let's move past that.
Have you seen Minh in the last few days?
Minh?
Come to think of it.
I haven't seen him lately.
Nonsense! There's no way that's true.
My Linh is having an affair
with the boss. not with Minh.
- How can you be so sure?
- Oh come on!
Because everyone knows the drama.
Just the other day. his wife
came to the office and caused a ruckus.
Let me tell you.
Once he and My Linh were coming back
from breakfast. all cozy and confident.
The wife jumps out from behind the gate.
grabbed her hair and started punching her!
She had just thrown a punch when he jumped
in to break it up and bam!
Took three lumps in the throat!
One. two. three
That's not all!
After that she was sure
he would dump My Linh. but no.
He dumped the wife
and went back to My Linh.
Are you done?
That's the end of it. yeah.
Two days ago. around 10PM.
did you call Minh?
Yes. I did call him that night.
Minh just got back
and landed a sweet deal.
I called him to quickly lock down
the contract.
So he really was on a work trip?
Phuong Anh!
What're you mumbling about?
I'M SORRY HONEY. CALL ME PLEASE.
I'LL BE WORKING LATE.
Miss Phuong Anh has mental problems.
That's probably why she comes to see you.
Phuong Anh.
Trong is also just a patient of mine.
I've never disclosed anything
you shared with me to anyone.
Believe me. It's not like you think.
I NEED TO TALK WITH YOU.
MEET ME AT THE CHILDREN'S WARD.
IT'S IMPORTANT!
Hey Khoa!
This guy.
WHERE ARE YOU?
Khoa?
Phuong Anh…
Khoa!
Hang in there. you hear me? Hang in there!
Hang on.
Vy! Vy. come help me!
Khoa's been hurt. Vy!
That's gonna be difficult.
The patient has lost a lot of blood.
Let me handle it.
I will take care of both of you neatly.
Vy.
What's happening. Vy?
What do you think?
Thien…
Minh is my "Thien."
I've loved him
ever since we were in school.
You were the one who broke us up.
He didn't like that we became close.
But that was the only way for me
to be close to him.
It's all your fault!
The nightmares feel so real.
You didn't deserve him.
He deserves to be with someone
who loves him more than a stupid dog.
Are you crazy. Vy?
- Have you gone crazy?
- No… I'm not crazy.
I just know
what I need to do to get him back.
You have to die!
Run. Phuong Anh!
Khoa. stay awake!
Khoa…
Vy! What the hell are you doing?
Phuong Anh.
My god. What has happened here?
Vy…
What the hell have you done. Vy?
- Let me help you.
- Get away from me!
She deserves this. She deserves to die!
Don't do this.
Vy… Calm down. Pull yourself together.
Phuong Anh. She is delusional.
You're the only one I ever loved!
I am not delusional!
Thien. don't leave me.
Shut up!
Don't ever call me by that name!
We are just friends.
You have to let go of the past!
Vy… Stop trying to find ways
to break up my marriage.
Please.
What do you mean. Thien?
Thien… Don't leave me.
I'm so scared.
- Thien.
- I'm sorry.
Thien!
Vy! Hold on tight!
Hold tight…
Now everyone can get a good night's sleep.
Don't!
No!
Everyone give a round applause
to Dr. Huynh Phuong Anh.
Director of the Children's Center!
Phuong Anh.
- Congratulations.
- Thank you.
Give it up for Dr. Huynh Phuong Anh.
the youngest Chief of Surgery!
Thank you. everyone.
for your generous support.
Why is she just standing there?
Sir!
Congratulations!
Sir. are you alright?
Let me take you to bandage that up.
Isn't she going to give a speech?
Where is she going?
Do you still remember
I used to visit your house often?
Every time I'd bring you so many toys.
You were so shy.
so your father had to accept it for you.
Here. let me.
Sir. What are you doing?
You… never thanked me.
Just stand still.
- I'm not going to bite you.
- I have to get going.
Sir! What're you doing?
I've been supporting you.
Ever since you were little
I've been so good to you.
Why haven't you ever shown gratitude?
After you raped me…
You carried me to the emergency room.
You even told everyone…
that I had been attacked in the garage.
While it was you.
who battered me.
And kept me bedridden for days.
It was the perfect opportunity…
for you to fill me with tranquillizers…
to blur my memory.
That cocktail of drugs…
No one ever suspected.
because they were personally prescribed
by the head of the hospital.
It went on like this. for days… and weeks…
I continued to be drugged.
While you reminded me daily.
how fortunate it was that I survived.
after the vicious attack in the garage.
Your plan was going so perfectly
until the day… I stopped taking the drugs.
What are you trying to do?
I want everyone to know your true face.
And all of the horrifying things
you have done to me.
So that you will never do it
to anyone else.
Let's see what you can do to me.
Who will believe you?
Will they believe a respectful chief
with a good reputation.
whom all these years.
have never made a single mistake?
Or will they believe a young girl
who is being treated for mental illness?
Her father even went crazy.
and committed suicide.
Looks like everything
has come full circle.
Father and daughter…
are both stubborn alike.
This chair…
your father could not win it from me.
Who the hell are you?
Don't ever use my assault
on you to threaten me.
If you ever speak out about it.
you will be the one who gets shamed.
If you know what's good for you.
shut your mouth!
Thanks for the speech. It's a good one.
THE NIGHTMARES
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-